what's up everybody Brendon huffard back
here again with another two-minute
Tuesday this is just where we're getting
like hardcore tactical right into it we
only got two minutes we're gonna learn
something really quick I'm going to give
you every single step of getting your
first ever SEO client and then how to
turn that one SEO client into ten let's
put two minutes up on the clock and get
after it so I get this question all the
time how do I get my first client I
don't have anything I don't know what to
do how do I get my first client here's
how you get your first client first make
things for yourself SEO results for
yourself on your own website not your
SEO vlog not your marketing blog pick
another topic get results get results
that don't require anybody elses
permission and then show those to people
and say would you like these results for
yourself would you like these for your
business the best thing to do is find a
service provider a carpenter a plumber
another local business
I love photographers for this especially
young hungry photographers if you could
take them from being an unknown website
and without having to pay you so you're
doing this first project for free I
can't leave that out this first project
has to be for free because you are going
to be paid with a case study you are
going to say I will do this for free and
you will allow me to publish a public
case study of all of your numbers all of
your data and I will show everybody
exactly what we did but in return you
are going to get all of this new
business and they'll say yes and if they
say no they're not the right person to
work with
so start out with a local service
provider like a photographer another
local service business and then this
goes without saying it's outside of the
scope of these two minutes where you
have to get amazing results for them
that's why you have to have done your
stuff first then once you've gotten them
these results let's talk about the case
study you're gonna write because this is
not just any case study you're not just
gonna say here's ten things that we did
you were going to write this out in a
very specific way let me explain how the
way that we're gonna write this case
study is in the format of the hero's
journey so Joseph Campbell wrote this
book a long time ago called hero with a
thousand faces if I can find it I can't
find my copy of the book right now but
he was a huge influence on George Lucas
if you watch any George Lucas movie he
wrote his movies to follow Joseph
Campbell's storytelling the
myth the same storyline that you find
across cultures around the world
throughout history this storyline is in
everything you have to follow there's a
link below in the description with more
about the hero's journey as well but
whether you're watching Indiana Jones or
Star Wars or really any movie that is
successful any big blockbuster movie
follows the hero's journey so you're
gonna write your case study in this way
once you've written the hero's journey
case study you need to get it in front
of other people that would want that for
their business so I'll show you exactly
how I did this first I got results for
myself I had a jujitsu gear review
website I had my own e-commerce brand I
had a lot of SEO results from them I was
able to parlay that into working with a
local photographer who happened to be a
good friend of mine always start by
asking your friends that already know
like and trust you I just asked him do
you want more business and he said yes
we ended up working together and over
the next six months I was able to make
him $42,000 in his business that he
would not have had otherwise we then
took that and built it into the hero's
journey case study and then I put that
in front of more photographers hey I
went on podcast I emailed them I got in
forums I just got it in front of as many
photographers as I could is like hey in
six months this guy made an extra forty
two thousand dollars that led to more
photographers reaching out to me to say
hey I would like to work with you my
first four five clients that I ever had
were photographers for that reason and
even when photographers come to me today
I'm able to point to that to that case
study and say here look we can crush it
for you so I hope that's been super
helpful leave a comment below let me
know what are you struggling with in
getting your first SEO client let me
know what I should make my next video
about how to get SEO clients about if
you want to brief outline of everything
you've seen in this video go to 100 days
of SEO calm /join you'll be able to join
our free online community and get access
to worksheets and show notes and all of
these different things including the
show notes for this episode where I will
walk you through in a worksheet
everything that I've outlined in a
step-by-step format again that's 100
days of seo.com /join I've been brendon
Hufford don't forget to work hard be
nice people and don't get too lost
trying to create something that matters
I don't know what I was doing there
[Music]